Improve traditional installation guide (#22)
DataAnalyticsEngineering/FANS: README.md

<img src="docs/images/FANS_example.png" alt="Example Image" width="400" height="300">

## Dependencies

FANS has the following dependencies:

- A C++ compiler (e.g. GCC)
- CMake (version 3.0 or higher) (+ GNU file utility for creating .deb packages)
- Git (for cloning this repo)
- MPI (mpicc and mpic++)
- HDF5 with parallel support
- Eigen3
- FFTW3 with MPI support

### Installing dependencies

We recommend installing the dependencies using a package manager. For example, using `apt`, the following commands are run:

```bash

> apt-get install \

Author: I've decided that listing those dependencies only adds confusion. They are the dependencies of the FANS runtime package, but they're specific to a particular Ubuntu version and probably not portable. Additionally, it's unlikely that someone would obtain a prebuilt binary of FANS outside of a package. Users either build FANS themselves, in which case the listed dev packages are required, or they download a prebuilt package for their specific target system, which would already enforce installation of those dependencies.

> apt-get install \

Reviewer: Lets keep these dependencies for now, because they are valid for most Debian based distributions, and also WSL.

> apt-get install \

Author: Okay fine for me :) Let's just mention then that those are not sufficient to build FANS. Will you readd them or do you want me to do it?

    libhdf5-dev \
    libopenmpi-dev \
    libeigen3-dev \
    libfftw3-dev \
    libfftw3-mpi-dev
```

Also we recommend to install these commonly used tools with FANS and setup a virtualenv for the `h52xdmf.py` script:

```bash
apt-get install \
    time \
    htop \
    python3 \
    python3-pip \
    python3-venv \
    python-is-python3 \
    python3-dev

python -m venv ~/venvs/FANS
source ~/venvs/FANS/bin/activate

> python -m pip install h5py lxml

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
python -m pip install numpy scipy h5py lxml plotly nbformat notebook jupyterlab ipykernel
```

Reviewer 2: Ack.. honestly would be nice if we could have a pyproject.toml file even...

Author: Maybe let's put that in another PR, or/and open an issue to discuss details there? I'm not super experienced with python packages etc.

Before proceeding with the installation, ensure that your system has the necessary dependencies. The prerequisites of FANS can be installed using Spack for a streamlined setup on high-performance computing systems, or through traditional package management for personal use.

The requirements are:

- A C++ compiler (e.g. GCC)
- CMake (version 3.0 or higher) (+ GNU file utility for creating .deb packages)
- Git (for cloning this repo)
- MPI (mpicc and mpic++)
- HDF5 with parallel support
- Eigen3
- FFTW3 with MPI support

> ### Traditional Installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Installing from source
```

Author: This heading was meant to distinguish from the next one 'Spack installation' which is also a from source installation. We have these two from source installation methods and soon when we release packages we will have a prebuilt installation option. Maybe we should change the second level heading to 'Installation from source'?

Author: Like so:
## Installation from source
### Prerequisites
### Install prerequisites using apt
### Install prerequisites using Spack
...

Reviewer: I think we should be careful while saying *Spack installation*, because by default this means that there is a Spack package for FANS. The use of Spack that we show is only to install the dependencies. There can be different ways to install dependencies, but for FANS itself, we should have one **Installation from source** section. I would suggest segregating the installation of dependencies from the installation of FANS itself.

> If you're setting up FANS on a personal computer or in a non-HPC environment, please use the apt package manager. For the build toolchain:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are building FANS on a personal computer, use the apt package manager. Install the dependencies by running:
```

```bash
apt-get install \
    software-properties-common \
    build-essential \
    cmake \
    file \
    git
```

For the FANS dependencies:

```bash
apt-get install \
    libhdf5-dev \
    libopenmpi-dev \
    libeigen3-dev \
    libfftw3-dev \
    libfftw3-mpi-dev
```

> Also we recommend to install these commonly used tools with FANS and setup a virtualenv for the `h52xdmf.py` script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, we recommend to install these commonly used tools with FANS and setup a virtualenv for the `h52xdmf.py` script:
```
Some more information on why we ask users to do this would be helpful here. It is not very clear on why one needs this.

Reviewer 2: okay, it's not only for the `h52xdmf.py` script... it's for the whole FANS_Dashboard which is python (and Jupyter notebook) based

Reviewer: I would writing separate documentation for the dashboard, and not mix things with FANS building and installation.

```bash
apt-get install \
    time \
    htop \
    python3 \
    python3-pip \
    python3-venv \
    python-is-python3 \
    python3-dev

python -m venv ~/venvs/FANS
source ~/venvs/FANS/bin/activate

> python -m pip install h5py lxml

Reviewer 2: Also needs Jupyter notebook related stuff

Reviewer: Should we keep this or not?
